# BUS RESERVATION WEBSITE
The main objective of the Project on Online Bus Booking System is to manage the details of Bus, Route, Places, Booking, Customer. It manages all the information about Bus, Registration, Customer, Bus. The project is totally built at administrative end and thus only the administrator is guaranteed the access. The purpose of the project is to build an application program to reduce the manual work for managing the Bus, Route, Registration, City. It tracks all the details about the route, booking, customer. Provides the searching facilities based on various factors. Such as Bus, Places, Booking, Customer. Online Bus Ticketing System also manage the Registration details online for Booking details, Customer details, Bus. It tracks all the information of Route, Registration, Booking etc Manage the information of Route, shows the information and description of the Bus, Places. To increase efficiency of managing the Bus, Route. It deals with monitoring the information and transactions of Booking. Manage the information of Bus, adding and updating of Records is improved which results in proper resource management of Bus data. Manage the information of Booking Integration of all records of Customer.  The programming has been accomplished in PYTHON. The administrator and the user can login using the username and password which they can select according to their choice. Only restriction is that multiple persons will not be permitted to accept the same username. The project has been developed in PYTHON as front end and MySQL as back end which develop to help powerful software.
